NMS-14634: Add alt text to Operation (pt. 3) (#5717)
OpenNMS/opennms: docs/modules/operation/pages/deep-dive/topology/graphml-asset-topology-provider.adoc

In this example, the `region` asset fields for nodes 1, 2, 3, 4 are set to `north`.
All of these nodes are in the same north region.
The `building` asset fields for node 1 and node 2 are set to `21` (both nodes are in building 21), while the `building` asset fields for node 3 and node 4 are set to `22`.
The Asset Topology Provider generates four linked graphs for this configuration.
The layer 0 graph is called `asset-region`, the layer 1 graph is called `asset-building`, and the layer 2 graph is called `nodes`.

Conceptually, the topology is rendered as concentric sets.
The Asset Topology Provider first searches all of the nodes with regions defined and creates a new level 0 graph node representing each region found.
It then searches within each region to find the building entries and creates a corresponding level 1 graph node for each building name found.
Finally, it creates layer 2 nodes corresponding to each monitored node and places each in the correct building.

{page-component-title}-monitored nodes that have empty region or building asset fields cannot be placed correctly in this topology.

> These nodes are shown in the previous diagram as unallocated nodes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The previous diagram shows these nodes as unallocated nodes.
```

    </config>
</configs>
----

The following table describes individual definition parameters:

[options="autowidth"]
|===
| Parameter | Description

| providerId
| The unique name of the provider.
Used as a handle to install and remove the topology.

| label
| The name that shows up on the topology menu.
Must be unique.

| assetLayers
| List of asset layers, in order.

| filters
| List of filters to apply.

| preferredLayout
| Preferred node layout in generated graphs.

| breadcrumbStrategy
| Breadcrumb strategy used to display breadcrumbs above each graph.
|===

=== Create asset-based topologies via Karaf shell

You can use the {page-component-title} Karaf shell to control topology generation.

.SSH to {page-component-title} Karaf shell
[source, console]
ssh admin@localhost -p 8101

The following commands are available:

[cols="2,2,3"]
|===
| Command   | Description   | Options

| opennms:asset-topo-create
| Creates asset topology.

> Uses the default settings if a tag isn't included in the command.^1^

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Uses the default settings if a tag is not included in the command.^1^
```

| *-l, --label:* Asset topology label (displayed in topology menu).
Default: `asset`. +
*-i, --providerId:* Unique `providerId` of asset topology.
Default: Asset Topology Provider. +
*-f, --filter:* Optional node filter.
Default: _Empty_. +
*-a, --assetLayers:* Comma-separated list of asset layers.
Default: `asset-region,asset-building,asset-rack`. +
*-p, --preferredLayout:* Preferred layout.
Default: Grid Layout. +
*-b, --breadcrumbStrategy:* Breadcrumb strategy.
Default: `SHORTEST_PATH_TO_ROOT`.

| opennms:asset-topo-remove
| Removes asset topology.
| *-i, --providerId:* Unique `providerId` of the asset topology.
Default: `asset`.

| opennms:asset-topo-list
| Lists all installed asset topologies.
| *all:* Display detailed view, including `--uriParams` string.

| opennms:asset-topo-regenerate
| Regenerates the graphs for the given asset topology definition.
| *-i, --providerId:* Unique `providerId` of the asset topology to regenerate.
Default: `asset`.

| opennms:asset-topo-regenerateall
| Best-effort regeneration of all asset topologies.
If one graph fails, the command tries to complete the rest of the definitions.
|
|===

> . If you simply type `asset-topology:create`, a default topology is created using `providerId`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. If you type `asset-topology:create`, a default topology is created using `providerId`.
```
